Make a new standard template variable "CYLC_SOURCE_DIRECTORY" (#6944)
cylc/cylc-flow: changes.d/6944.feat.md

> Make WORKFLOW_SOURCE_DIRECTORY available as a template variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make CYLC_WORKFLOW_SRC_DIR available as a template variable.
```
